docs: Improve the documentation so it's easier to not miss getting started initial setup (#255)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/controls/CardAndCardContentControl.md

# Card & CardContentControl

> [!TIP] 

> > This guide covers details for `Card` and `CardContentControl` specifically. If you just getting started with the Uno Toolkit Material Library, please see our [general getting started](../getting-started.md) to make sure you have the initial correct setup in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This guide covers details for `Card` and `CardContentControl` specifically. If you are just getting started with the Uno Toolkit Material Library, please see our [general getting started](../getting-started.md) page to make sure you have the correct setup in place.
```

Reviewer: Same for the other control .md pages as well
